[DOCS] uni-directional CCR disaster recovery (#87099)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ccr/disaster-recovery.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[ccr-disaster-recovery-tutorial]]
=== Tutorial: Configure disaster recovery with {ccr}
++++
<titleabbrev>Configure disaster recovery</titleabbrev>
++++

////
[source,console]
----

> PUT /server-metrics

Reviewer: I don't understand why we're setting up this index if it's not referenced at all in the document. Should `my_index` in the later examples instead use `server-metrics`?

[role="xpack"]
[[ccr-disaster-recovery-uni-directional-tutorial]]
=== Tutorial: Disaster recovery based on uni-directional {ccr}
++++
<titleabbrev>Uni-directional disaster recovery</titleabbrev>
++++

Learn how to failover and failback between two clusters based on

> uni-directional {ccr}. The following tutorial is designed for mutable indices
> (data need to be updated after write). If you have append-only data (logs,
> metrics, observability, and security events), you should follow
> https://www.elastic.co/blog/bi-directional-replication-with-elasticsearch-cross-cluster-replication-ccr[Bi-directional
> replication with Elasticsearch cross-cluster replication (CCR) blog] to set up
> bi-directional {ccr} which automatically failover and failback without human
> intervention.

Author: ```suggestion
uni-directional {ccr}. You can also visit <<ccr-disaster-recovery-bi-directional-tutorial,ccr bi-directional tutorial>> to set up replicating data streams that automatically failover and failback without human
intervention.
```
